on today's delicate shall update it's
not quite cold in severe yep and it's
always hard when severe plays no whose
nest 15 players left Atlantis offseason
do they have what it takes now to get
Spartak Moscow on home ice last but not
least this is dynamo battle in Latvia
these are always fun to watch all that
or more of today's daily KHL update
welcome to Novokuznetsk where a severe
in rival it takes place metal or coast
severe starting goals of both rockets in
the KHL nico robin isn't that for kuznia
while EULA's gouda Jack puts on a severe
Jersey villain vs. Slovakia in the heart
of Siberia not even two minutes deep
severe has a great chance to get on the
board but lethal enemy to God he'd
suppose as he shoots from the slots
unlucky no matter soon enough your
electorate breaks into the zone through
the middle pass it to Eunice an unbroken
play and anna finishes the job
one nothing severe severe in magic deer
was at it again man that looks pretty
but it's still AMOLED with the goal and
lecture with helper they never failed
who they played in the first booth it
was a man advantage a second sets up to
command Tula and he's blasting off from
his first career NHL market retire one
donphan and mated already spent a season
was net to quemic two years ago but
didn't score a single goal barrel in the
second now Nikita will gossip stones 404
201 gosh everybody feels passed by he
goes for a shot and it turns out just
fine to on cruise net length of the
cosplay 149 games of the KHL over six
years and yet this is Jesse
seems going to leave and in poor one
that's them
five minutes later cruises on the
powerplay again Curtis McLain Pete
Seeger Marty nappy wines up far is it on
that and a ghost in three one of a
poisonous one a three year old
divestment from July but supports his
first KHL goal in his first KHL game he
got a love stuff like that third period
now severe has a two men advantage
Christian Coonrod shoots from a high
spot in CR niquist Carranza he bounced
up to n look passive Ron and cooker on
average severe up two one three two and
still lots of time just like Mantle and
Martina restaurant exposes first KHL
goal tonight
that's a lot of first for one game don't
you thank you but that's all severe
would get in this one he kept ominous to
toss that included two out of 34 shots
he couldn't beat me in the last answer
only spectacular performance most
christian pewter genuine assailants
score two points but that wasn't enough
s who's this started this season with a
hard-fought win at home now we're off to
Moscow suburbs were at my house for that
we pick it up from the second sparta on
a power play and that address issues it
to spirit up waits for a return path
which three to go upstairs and beat
Stanislav billion won nothin spartan
trooper has already played pro 11 a
fabulous invocation on the last two
seasons never fell it was for less than
10 goals in fact last season she totaled
she goes who's traveled up to Louise no
bad all things considered Sparta had a
chance to download early but Alex
MacEwan is absolutely off by going but I
have a feeling this step is good to end
up on our top 10 chart this week it has
to be run for it Alon tries to even
things up in the second as Alex a meat
knob that goes into spartak zone means
Jeff left but the blood hits the pulse
it goes out of play
unreal moving on to the third but you
know it goes in another rush to the
Corrado to shoulders this time can be
glass again nothing goes by a former
Canadian old junior tonight what a way
to start the season last seconds of
regulation
Rostislav spooker blocks the shot we're
all in fog honor some battles against
the bourse and choucas sent us into the
open cage lights out this is it -
nothing Spartak was 18 seconds to go and
that's the way it ends Kruger is going
to be K shall stop bowls currents for a
day with a 2 goal performance but the
real here is of course Jeff last who the
remarkable total of 37 states I militias
own a drink and a pat on the shoulder
this one fantastic job in that's my last
stop for today Riga Latvia or as some
people call it
you were being Canada that Mariga goes
up against Dinamo Minsk
don't get confused
rikiya want a cup of hope last season as
the best team could you to make the plan
they entered in this season with high
hopes Norman says is back in the office
at the club's GM Santa salsa is once
again captain for dynamo parcel of halls
and make his return as well however all
things are looking good for again means
come the other hand allows their top
scorer a team samples of this offseason
to odd VARs port from April up in a
winnipeg gem left quite a hole to feel
for dynamo
somebody's gonna have to step up
goaltender matchup for this game is
Kevin along versus Michael toughest jasc
over a minute into the first Marcella
Hazan takes a shot long keeps up at
juicy rebound and instead taps it in one
not in Riga and the smae hits a personal
milestone that's his tenth goal in the
KHL midway through the 1st Riga has a
manner that Khrushchev's rattling skates
behind the net feeds Kyle Wilson in
front and who makes no mistake - nothing
Regan
Wilson joined anima this summer from the
Norfolk Admirals he want to call the
cops with the hearse repairs a few years
back that's his first career NHL goal we
skip ahead to the third means he's
desperately looking for a role they in
the zone mad scramble in front everybody
sees the putt oh there it is somehow
finds its way into the net and now
there's so Clemenza Jason McLucas
predator with a goal his first indicate
L as well he joined me is from
Switzerland with his core 50 points in
48 games from the LSE last chance of in
stupor so team passing from poppy from
Alaska do you not bite Elvis game-saver
Riga fans can exhale dynamo holds on to
one goal lead and take three points
Michael Douglas top 16 shot in this one
but it still meant the first start of
the game it probably has something to do
with the Lhasa we're just witnessed or
maybe not it's just a hunch
marcella hopes that gets two points as
he was a part of both riga goals by all
accounts it's not a bad day to be a left
in fact and that's it for this daily KHL
update don't miss a new Friday action
this is gonna be a pretty busy day for
us my name is Amadeus Ashington
see you tomorrow